Javi, you told us a little about
the trend, which is obvious all we
are seeing, that online advertising
expenditure is growing versus
offline.
So what I would like is that we have
a very quick, brief analysis of
what they are, what it offers
or what are the advantages,
which will also have disadvantages,
but what are the advantages
of opting for online media.
I think the advantages are clear,
that is, we have gone through
the ones we have lived offline
and I have worked, we
had clear problems identifying
what our target target
was, how we could measure,
what was the return on
the investment we
were having.
So, without taking away the part
of support for conversion that
the offline media have, because
the notoriety, the frequency
they offer is important
for digital conversion, I think
that the online advantages
they offer is, on the one hand
targeting, that is, we are able
to know who we want to address
and impact only those to
whom we are interested to impact
in such a way that we
gain a brutal efficiency
and effectiveness of
the brutal campaigns.
On the other hand, optimization,
that is, knowing in real time what
is happening because I can measure
what is happening and therefore
I can make real-time decisions
so that the result I want to
get is much more efficient too.
You do a television campaign to
start segmentation as the targeting
you said, because well, because
by schedule and by program and
then a 15 day campaign and from
it starts until it ends what you
have to do is cross your fingers
so that you have hit, you can'
t change anything about the
march, you can't optimize.
That is, it's true that you can see
certain I have a campaign on
TV and suddenly I see more traffic
on my website.
You can't stop it at that moment,
that's what I say.
Effectively, but in the end you have
hired some GRPs at a certain cost
that does not vary, you can not
make decisions in real time, if you
are seeing something you don't
like don't give it a button and
stop it.
In digital you have all those
options and also you have a very important
layer that is the whole part of
the report, that is, once not only
in the middle of the campaign to make
those optimization decisions,
but once it is over, you collect
a lot of metrics, from the most
basic that is a advertising impression,
how many times this impact has
been shown to my user, to the
conversion it has had,
to the clicks that have been
made on my creativities, to
the type of audience
I have interacted with.
More or less you learn.
Then you learn more and learn a lot
of things that you can apply
not only to your digital campaigns,
but to the entire universe of campaigns,
to your media mix, even offline,
that you can do.
Even the company's own strategy,
because you may find that
your customer person is not
what you thought.
actually is.
It's true that, I always say the
same thing, when customers come
and talk to us, regardless
of the medium in which we are, and
they tell you, this is my target
audience, we make recommendations
of which we believe can be their
target audience, and many times
it surprises us that the
top performer is a third
party we had never considered.
That insight is almost impossible to
have in an offline campaign and through
the digital universe what you have is gold,
it is an added value to everything you
have done, to everything and your product,
and to how you direct it to your
final audience, which is brutal.
One, targeting, segmentation, two
you said optimization and three
you said learning.
That is.
And I would finally leave, although
it sounds a little worse to
say, obviously it's a cost issue too.
Making a television campaign, doing
a press campaign, doing a radio
campaign, regardless
of the metric you want to measure,
is always more expensive than
doing a digital campaign.
Not just by the cost of the campaign
itself, but by its efficiency.
That is, in the end, depending on
how we want to value it, the cost
efficiency will always be
much lower in digital than that
that will be in a campaign.
I would add the minimum investment
needed and would add immediate, because
if I want to do a television campaign
I have to hire an agency, think
everything, it's a lot of mess.
If I want to start using SEM, I
put myself, even if I have no idea,
I see a tutorial, in half an
hour I have ads posted.
That is, one of the great advantages,
for example, is that the access
to self-service has been greatly encouraged.
That is, anyone from their home with
a credit card can access a self-
service platform from
any medium, practically, and start
to be able to do campaigns without
the need to intermediate
with anyone.
So, in the end, it may not be
the most efficient always, but
it's definitely instant and
you can do it yourself at any time.
Subscribe to!